Add Blog: Essential browser extensions for more privacy (#151)
datenanfragen/website: content/blog/browser-extension-recommendations.en.md

Privacy Badger is available for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/privacy-badger17/), Chrome, Opera and even Firefox on Android phones.

## uBlock Origin

<img src="/img/blog/online-privacy/ublock-origin.png">

uBlock Origin is one of the most popular ad and content blocker extensions. It prevents pesky popups and widgets from sending your data to advertisers. uBlock Origin lets you create personalized lists which gives you more control over what ads to block and what ads to allow. It has also been found to effectively block more ads than others while using less memory, so it doesn’t slow down your browsing experience.

uBlock Origin is available for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/), Chrome, Opera and Safari.

## HTTPS Everywhere

<img src="/img/blog/online-privacy/https.jpg">

Secure websites use the HTTPS (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure) protocol, which encrypts your credit card details, personal information, and other sensitive data. However, not all websites are HTTPS-enabled.

> [HTTPS Everywhere](https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere) add-on is a joint venture project of Tor browser and EFF. When you install the extension, it automatically rewrites the requests, establishes a connection to SSL, then locates and directs you to the most secure versions of the websites you visit. In case your browser connects you to unsecured websites, HTTPS Everywhere will keep your data private and secure from leaking by redirecting it to an encrypted HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HTTPS Everywhere](https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere) add-on is a joint venture project of the Tor browser and EFF. When you install the extension, it automatically rewrites the requests, establishes a connection via TLS, then locates and directs you to the most secure versions of the websites you visit. In case your browser connects you to unsecured websites, HTTPS Everywhere will keep your data private and secure from leaking by redirecting it to an encrypted HTTPS.
```

HTTPS Everywhere is available for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/https-everywhere/), Chrome and Opera.

## Decentraleyes

<img src="/img/blog/online-privacy/decentraleyes.png">

[Decentraleyes](https://decentraleyes.org/) protects you against tracking through "free", centralized, content delivery. It prevents a lot of requests from reaching networks like Google Hosted Libraries, and serves local files to keep sites from breaking.

Decentraleyes is available for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/decentraleyes/), Chrome and Opera.

## Switch to firefox

> ### *Firefox actually cares about your privacy*

Reviewer: I do understand your desire to emphasize, but please do not use italic text in headlines.
